docs: Fixing typo in docs (#12863)
magma/magma: docs/docusaurus/versioned_docs/version-1.7.0/general/cloudstrapper_install.md

    - varBuildType: Using either ‘community’ or ‘custom’ binaries
    - varFirstInstall: Indicating if this is the first install of any kind of Magma or not, to skip some of the default, shared roles created

> - First change your directory to `~/magma-dev/magma/experimental/cloudstrapper/playbooks`. Next, run the playbook to setup the Orchestrator deployment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First change your directory to `~/magma-dev/magma/experimental/cloudstrapper/playbooks`. Next, run the playbook to set up the Orchestrator deployment:
```

Reviewer: In case you weren't aware, it looks like you reverted my suggested changes while force pushing

Author: FIxed it back
